Add new policy example for a specific activity type (#247)
tkhq/docs: docs/documentation/concepts/policy-management/Policy-examples.mdx

}
```

#### Allow a specific user to perform auth type activities (full list [here](./policy-language#activity-breakdown))
Note: The activity.resource portion determines which activities can be performed. The activity.action determines what types of actions can be taken upon those resources.

```json JSON
{
  "policyName": "Allow user <USER_ID> to initiate auth activities",
  "effect": "EFFECT_ALLOW",
  "consensus": "approvers.any(user, user.id == '<YOUR_API_USER_ID>')",
  "condition": "activity.resource == 'AUTH' && activity.action == 'CREATE'"
}
```

> #### Allow a specific user to perform a specific activities type (full list [here](./policy-language#activity-breakdown))

Reviewer: tiiiiny nit

```suggestion
#### Allow a specific user to perform a specific activity type (full list [here](./policy-language#activity-breakdown))
```

> Note: Activity types are many times upgraded. These policies will NOT be valid if an activity type is upgraded and requests are made on the new activity type. For example, if `ACTIVITY_TYPE_CREATE_READ_WRITE_SESSION_V2` is upgraded to `ACTIVITY_TYPE_CREATE_READ_WRITE_SESSION_V3` and a request is made with the `V3` version this policy with not allow that user to perform `ACTIVITY_TYPE_CREATE_READ_WRITE_SESSION_V3` activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Activities may be upgraded over time, and thus new versions may be introduced. These policies will NOT be valid if an activity type is upgraded and requests are made on the new activity type. For example, if Turnkey introduces `ACTIVITY_TYPE_CREATE_READ_WRITE_SESSION_V3` (upgraded from `ACTIVITY_TYPE_CREATE_READ_WRITE_SESSION_V2`) and a request is made with the newer `V3` version, this policy with not allow that user to perform `ACTIVITY_TYPE_CREATE_READ_WRITE_SESSION_V3` activities.
```

Reviewer: We can link to https://docs.turnkey.com/concepts/policies/language#activity-breakdown here too, since that's where all activity versions are stored. However, I'm just now realizing that that breakdown only has the latest version of all activities... which I think is fine

Author: Theres a link to that that page righttt above the note, so thats probably fine. But I incorporated your copy changes :)
